Add dynamic cell and row style (#34)
weweb-assets/ww-datagrid-ag: AI.md

- `dynamicHeaderFontFamily`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic font family using the column information. Column information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['name' | 'id' | 'type' | 'dataType']`. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleHeader` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.['dataType'] == 'number', 'Inter', null)`",

- `borderColor`: `string | null` - Color of grid borders.
- `wrapperBorderRadius`: `string | null` - Border radius of the wrapper

- `cellColor`: `string | null` - Text color of grid cells.
- `cellFontFamily`: `string` - Font family for cell text.
- `cellFontSize`: `string` - Font size for cell text.

- `dynamicRowBackgroundColor`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic background color using the row information. Row information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index']`. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleRow` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.data?.['Status'] == 'complete', '#f1f5f9', null)`.

> - `dynamicCellBackgroundColor`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic background color using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column beeing an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', '#f1f5f9', null)`.
> - `dynamicCellColor`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic background color using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column beeing an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', '#f1f5f9', null)`.
> - `dynamicCellFontFamily`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic background color using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column beeing an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', 'Inter', null)`.
> - `dynamicCellFontSize`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic background color using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column beeing an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', '18px', null)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `dynamicCellBackgroundColor`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic background color using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column being an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', '#f1f5f9', null)`.
- `dynamicCellColor`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic text color using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column being an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', '#0f172a', null)`.
- `dynamicCellFontFamily`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic font family using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column being an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', 'Inter', null)`.
- `dynamicCellFontSize`: `Formula` - Compute a dynamic font size using the cell information. Cell information will be provided through an object `context.mapping?.['data' | 'index' | 'column']`, with column being an object with `{ id, type, dataType }` properties. You can return a nullable value to fallback to the default style. `useDynamicStyleCell` should be true to use this. Example: `wwFormulas.if(context.mapping?.column?.['name'] == 'Total', '18px', null)`.
```
